update architecture docs for chickenshock-backend (#166)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/architecture/chickenshock-backend/README.md

# Architecture of Chickenshock-backend

Chickenshock is a minigame which is part of the Gamify-IT platform.
The intention with this game is to make answering single choice questions fun.

## Table of Contents

* [Links](#links)
* [General code structure](#general-code-structure)
* [Starting the service](#starting-the-service)
* [What to look at](#what-to-look-at)
* [What to ignore](#what-to-ignore)
* [Class diagrams](#class-diagrams)
  * [Overview complete application](#overview-complete-application)
  * [ConfigController](#configcontroller)
  * [GameResultController](#gameresultcontroller)
* [Known Design Flaws](#known-design-flaws)
* [Known Bugs](#known-bugs)
* [Tests](#tests)

## Links

- The [user docs](../../../user-manuals/minigames/chickenshock.md) explain how to play the game.
- The program code is available at [here](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/chickenshock-backend).
- The overview of the architecture can be found [here](../general-architecture.md).

## General code structure

> This [Java code of the backend](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/finite-quiz-backend/blob/adef8dd1e681d655d26852d7c5741e254db16e57/src/main/java/de/unistuttgart/finitequizbackend) has the following package structure

Reviewer: Why not the `main` links?
Also, that's a link to finitequiz in chickenshock documentation…

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [Java backend](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/chickenshock-backend/tree/main/src/main/java/de/unistuttgart/chickenshockbackend) has the following package structure
```

## What to look at

> The controllers for the API requests are a good point to start.
> From there you can follow the code flow to the other components.
> 
> - The [GameController](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/moorhuhn-backend/blob/c6e06e04b968c9db81eb946061f9f07e89a56afc/src/main/java/de/unistuttgart/chickenshockbackend/controller/GameResultController.java) provides the API for the game results.
> - The [ConfigurationController](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/moorhuhn-backend/blob/c6e06e04b968c9db81eb946061f9f07e89a56afc/src/main/java/de/unistuttgart/chickenshockbackend/controller/ConfigController.java) provides the API to configure the game.

Reviewer: Why not the `main` links?

```suggestion
The controllers for the API requests are a good point to start.  
From there you can follow the code flow to the other components.

- The [GameResultController](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/chickenshock-backend/blob/main/src/main/java/de/unistuttgart/chickenshockbackend/controller/GameResultController.java) provides the API for the game results.
- The [ConfigController](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/chickenshock-backend/blob/main/src/main/java/de/unistuttgart/chickenshockbackend/controller/ConfigController.java) provides the API to configure the game.
```

## What to ignore

> Everything is ready for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nothing at the moment.
```
